because we are here to help people
achieve some success so let me give a
tiny bit more give people a chance to
see about jobs and getting the
opportunity to take advantage of any of
that one thing that you can get out of
this interaction those agency for
journalists looking specifically at
technology related classes and I met a
guy is unable to address his specific
please talk about it I give him the
example of like
so jealous I do a 30 minute class and I
said are you can do a 30 minute class
yeoman that the way that there's some of
the pieces that come together
chance got a question for you in the you
to me for business program yeah I was
just typing a reply it now is good
program where they
they have they sent an email recently
you to mediate sandy build a mutiny
courses it we want to tell you if you
tell us that you build a man like this
and I didn't they did come back or I i'm
not really to Sharia talking about the
business program for whether selling
courses to businesses can you clarify
their yes yes yes yes no I'm not on that
list at the moment so I'm not my courses
as I said only kind of stuff in the
summer and I the couple of texts still
to you that's only a drop in the ocean
I'm still on I'm still under think so
they haven't selected the darkest more
Excel is very much oversubscribed and
you know I'm late I'm just answering
your questions as the community there
I'm quite make it to market UT on Excel
horses but what I have found is that I'm
not sure people are aware so it might be
you to meet my 23rd is a problem going
on or at the moment the Singapore
government issued credit to all people
over the age of 25 starting from next
year
500 Singapore dollars for education and
if everybody over the age of 25 to do
what you do and I'm very many people
know what this all means that there's
torture ecologist involved in Singapore
and I have been in touch with each of
the colleges and I'm co-producing from
what I can gather and I'm not fully
what's going on yet these particular
colleges courses together and they
submit them to the Singapore government
for approval and they're going through
such as a tool I just going through the
end of February
I contacted you to me first and he said
oh no they don't want to become
instructors and I said ok no problem I
want to have my contacted the colleges
in Singapore because I had a huge job
and Singapore gone on for a long time
and I have a lot of contacts so I
decided to name drop and I would get in
contact with these people and I did and
I narrow co-producing courses with them
I'm sign on and it came to for this
you think that's going on between you
and me so I don't know how many people
are aware of other it's common knowledge
were you aware that Mark Wright I hadn't
heard anything about that I didn't I
wouldn't completely new to me that's an
interesting thing that end it actually
would be interesting I wonder if that's
gonna happen anyplace else in the world
with governments giving some type of
continuing education credit for people
over a certain age which i think will
just be good news for all educators who
it doesn't matter to me or any other
platform that would end up being more in
his dad people are getting to use some
type of the continuing education is me
jus politicians marketer businesses I
know you came out a little bit later in
the show here or there primarily worse
there's this instance who was driving
students to her for continuing
professional development units that's
something that's kind of been saturated
in Sao Paulo's been taking now is that
she's actually looking to get to
students teach the classes in then
hopefully have them blow under these CDs
as well as for the lake barb she just
got here about you to me
Singapore we're getting close we're
about 15 minutes after the hour right
now in so I do want to make sure that we
wrap things up here within the next few
minutes
respecting my guests I'm in keeping this
is manageable length as well so you're
welcome to reason there's any other
questions we're happy to maybe shoot one
more question here to policy count seven
thousands of myself here and see if
anybody anything stream while I'm kind
of rambling on your welcome very good so
thank you all for participating thank
you for being a guest next incarnation
things you're doing with your online
teaching those are you are celebrating
Christmas in a couple days here I wish
you a Merry Christmas the Christmas tree
thank you as you're celebrating choosing
not to celebrate holidays I still wish
you a wonderful end of the year
all of us very prosperous 2010 thanks
again for being i guess im really glad
to be able to be on the show I just
accept that